killed on daily basis I just want to
jump in there because we are actually
just getting news from the Gaza Health
Ministry that that Grim Milestone of
40,000 people has been passed the
official figure is now
40,5 people of course we were just
saying earlier that 40 people had been
killed in the last 24 hours alone and
that has taken the death toll in Gaza to
over
40,000 people it's a terrible number
it's a terrible toll on the population
there as you say many people also
critically injured the official number
now is
92,5 And1 and Hanny that number that
40,000 figure that we have been looking
at for the past few days now as the
numbers get closer to it is actually
likely to be far higher isn't it with a
number of people still unaccounted for
people who are buried under the rubble
after Israeli air strikes
yes that is correct the number that
we're looking at is or our reading of
this number or the figures available
right now it's a it's a conservative
reading of the number of casualties
whether those who were killed or those
are critically injured what we're
looking at is simply a conservative
reading of the statistics on the ground
it's far higher in reality there are
those are still who are missing there's
still those that family members
remaining family members have no idea
about their about they don't know what
happened to them whether they were
detained whether they were buried under
the rubbles or they they just gun
missing you know sometimes people said
they just evaporated because the kind of
bombs that dropped across the GP the
initial weeks of of this genocidal war
is really military intentionally and
deliberately dropped what it's called
the dumb bombs these dumb bombs pretty
much vul pariz entire residential blocks
including uh people who were staying in
these residential buildings residential
blocks have gone missing and so far we
have families members remaining family
who survived these attacks are still
searching for family members who were
with them inside these residential
buildings or they were present at the
time of the attacks with no signs of
their whereabouts so far there's those
who are still buried missing